Introduce BEACH_ASSET_PROXY_ENDPOINT (#14)
flownative/docker-nginx: README.md

| BEACH_PERSISTENT_RESOURCES_BASE_PATH     | string  |                                       | Base path of URLs pointing to Flow persistent resources; example: "https://www.flownative.com/assets/"                                                                                                            |
| BEACH_STATIC_RESOURCES_LIFETIME          | string  | 30d                                   | Expiration time for static resources; examples: "3600s" or "7d" or "max"                                                                                                                                          |
| FLOW_HTTP_TRUSTED_PROXIES                | string  | 10.0.0.0/8                            | Nginx passes FLOW_HTTP_TRUSTED_PROXIES to the virtual host using the value of this variable                                                                                                                       |

## Asset Proxy

> By default, the direct URL of an asset stored in the S3 bucket is used as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the direct URL of an asset stored in the cloud storage is used as 
```

Does this only relate to S3 buckets? I guess not…

Author: well, in my example yes, but "cloud storage" as a general term is probably better.
